 On YouTube, an ad for the car company Mazda appeared before a video that repeated the racist falsehood that Haitian migrants in Ohio were “eating ducks on the side of the road.” An ad for the software giant Adobe showed up alongside another video that claimed “people have had their pets abducted and eaten by people who shouldn’t be in this country.” Even an ad for Vice President Kamala Harris was placed ahead of a video that spread the unsupported statement that migrants were “going to parks, grabbing ducks, cutting their heads off and eating them.” Many advertisers have tried for years to avoid sharing space with content about polarizing politics, hate speech or misinformation. That ads appeared anyway on YouTube ahead of falsehoods about Haitian migrants underscores the difficulty advertisers face in maintaining brand safety. Just last month, researchers discovered advertisements on YouTube for more than a dozen large organizations and consumer brands that monetized xenophobic (and quickly debunked) claims. Advertising dollars flowed both to YouTube and to the commentators it allowed to amplify inflammatory and racist narratives, according to a report by Eko, a group focused on corporate accountability. The videos that were accompanied by the ads garnered nearly 1.6 million views on YouTube in a 72-hour period after former President Donald Trump promoted a falsehood about Haitian immigrants during a presidential debate, Eko found. The group estimated that the commentators likely earned a few thousand dollars collectively from the advertisements. A spokesperson for YouTube said videos appearing on its site might be restricted from earning money if they had violated its “advertiser-friendly guidelines” or other policies. The company said it had removed one video flagged by Eko and was reviewing others. Advertisements for companies that used digital advertising platforms were 10 times more likely to appear on misinformation websites than on those that did not use the technology: Nearly 80% of the most active advertisers relying on such tactics from 2019 to 2021 had ads that appeared on such sites, according to a report published in Nature in June. Having an advertisement land next to misinformation can be financially damaging — the share of people who click on such ads is 46% lower than for ads that avoid being twinned with toxic content, according to Integral Ad Science, a company focusing on brand safety. (Tiffany Hsu and Stuart A. Thompson) 名牌廣告和造假種族歧視影片 在YT一起播 在YouTube，汽車公司馬自達一則廣告出現在一段影片之前，該影片重申俄亥俄州海地移民「在路邊吃鴨子」的種族主義謊言。軟體巨頭Adobe的廣告與另一支影片一起出現，聲稱「人們的寵物被不該在這個國家的人綁架吃掉」。 連副總統賀錦麗的廣告之後也被安插一支影片，傳播未經證實說法，稱移民「去公園抓鴨子，砍了牠們的頭吃掉牠們」。 許多廣告業主數年來一直試圖避免和兩極化政治、仇恨言論與假訊息等內容共享空間。但YouTube上的廣告還是出現在關於海地移民的謊言之前，凸顯廣告業主維持品牌安全面臨困難。 光是上個月，研究人員就發現YouTube上超過一打大型組織和消費品牌廣告，讓仇外（但被迅速揭穿）的言論獲利。關注公司問責的團體Eko指出，廣告獲利流向YouTube，以及被其允許放大煽動性與種族主義陳述的評論員。 Eko發現，前總統川普在總統辯論中宣揚關於海地移民的謊言後，這些廣告伴隨的影片，72小時內在YouTube獲得近160萬瀏覽人次。該組織估計，這些評論員總共可能從這些廣告賺取數千美元。 YouTube一名發言人表示，在他們網站出現的影片若違反「廣告商友善指南」和其他政策，可能會被限制賺取收入。該公司表示，他們已移除一支被Eko標記的影片，也在審查其他影片。 使用數位廣告平台的公司廣告，出現在假訊息網站的可能性是沒有使用這類科技公司10倍：「自然」期刊6月發布的一份報告顯示，2019至2021年間，仰賴這類策略的最活躍廣告業主，近80%有廣告出現在這類網站。 關注品牌安全的公司Integral Ad Science指出，廣告出現在假訊息旁邊可能造成財務損失，點擊這些廣告的人數比率，比避免和有毒內容同時出現的廣告低46%。
